The
New Year's Day
The New Year's Day
The new year's day
is upon us
in the clouds
the new year's day
once upon a time
the sun was
shining
the sun was shining
the shining
shinin
tomorrow
the future
project
이걸
perlu
The sun, the sun, the sun, rises.
The place where the heat and the sweat come together,
Makoto goes through the heavens.
Does the distance Imperial tradition
make the iron ho acceptats,
and how does it look if the pursuit doesn't return?
You should be flamboyant like Cicero,
and leave your malady alone.
The dark clouds will accompany you
who secretary General Takagawa
Vol dar pain
The battle of the whole Sanyo
Let us dance, let us sing
Let us sing, let us sing
Sanyo, Sanyo, Sanyo, let us sing